RestyGWT
========

## [resty-gwt 1.1](http://restygwt.fusesource.org/blog/release-1-1.html), released 2010-03-10

* have the integration tests use the same gwt version as the main project. (Hiram Chirino)
* Added a download profile to find recent scala artifacts. (Hiram Chirino)
* Update the scalate library and its build dependencies. (Jon Buffington)
* Support GWT release 2.2.0. (Jon Buffington)
* Remove execute bits from license text file. (Jon Buffington)
* in case the response gets served from the cache keep the async-nature of the call (kristian)
* allow MethodCallback<Void> in RestService (kristian)
* Convert tabs to spaces. (Hiram Chirino)
* restygwt-25 changed toString() to name() (jroyals)
* added some docu for the attribute annotation (kristian)
* Added: Jackson Annotations which are used by the polymorphic api. They are Apache 2.0 licensed so shouldn't cause a problem form that point of view. (Charlie Mason)
* Added: Polymorphic Sub Classes to the user guide. (Charlie Mason)
* Fixed: Merge conflict with recent upstream changes. (Charlie Mason)
* Added: Added Jackson style polymorphic serialisation and deserialisation. (Charlie Mason)
* Look for @Produces/@Consumes on method and if not found, then look on methods enclosing type. (Jason Dillon)
* Fix compile error. (Hiram Chirino)
* use htmlunit so the integration tests are actually running via invoker (kristian)
* annotate an attribute from a resource to used as PathParam (kristian)
* Added the ability for boolean setters to not only be formatted as isFoo(), but getFoo() and hasFoo(). (jlarsen)
* Fix typo. Also trying to fix. #19 (Hiram Chirino)
* Fix sp (Jason Dillon)
* Fixes issue #16 : RequestException does not handle server 500 responses (Hiram Chirino)
* rename doAction to send. (Hiram Chirino)
* Build the website by default. (Hiram Chirino)
* Fixed autogenned license header (jlarsen)
* Fixed a bug with the RestServicClassCreator where you couldn't have a chained hierarchy of services and added RestActions that will map to the various rest actions available and allow us to inject the RestActions into our application. (jlarsen)
* Better resource path resolution.. (Hiram Chirino)
* More doco. (Hiram Chirino)
* Simplify dispatcher interface slightly. (Hiram Chirino)
* tweaking deployment location. (Hiram Chirino)
* converted static website to be scalate based. (Hiram Chirino)
* Added a @JSONP annotation that can be used to mark methods as using the JSONP protocol. (Hiram Chirino)
* Allow configuring the timeout via @Options (Hiram Chirino)
* Allow configuring the expected status via the Option annotation. (Hiram Chirino)
* allowing the dispatcher to be configured on service interfaces. (Hiram Chirino)
* added missing license headers - Simplified the Dispatcher interface, eliminated the factory since they were easy to convert to stateless singletons. - Dispatcher can now be configured at a per method leve (Hiram Chirino)
* remove the fork notes. (Hiram Chirino)
* pom updates. (Hiram Chirino)
* Introduction of a dispatcher, generated by a DispatcherFactory - Dispatcher can be exchanged by 3rd party code easily => Custom caching rules become possible - The dispatcher also is responsible for the callback used => an implementation of a retrying Callback is supplied. - The Dispatcher is fetched and used in Method.send() - Automatic retrying of callbacks (often connections are flaky) (rbauer)
* factored out the common part of the integration-tests into a parent pom (kristian)
* moved internal maven properties which are recommended by maven3 (kristian)
* Use ${project.* instead of deprecated (Jason Dillon)
* Normalize Resource.path to *not* trail with a "/" so that when resolving relative resource, we can safely insert a "/" separator. This should handle @Path on type + @Path on method better w/o relying on the @Path to add "/". (Jason Dillon)
* Make sure service root always ends with a "/" (Jason Dillon)
* Make sure service root always ends with a "/" (Jason Dillon)
* added support for @Consumes @Produces annotations. (Hiram Chirino)
* basic setup for tests (rbauer)
* added ignores for usage with eclipse (rbauer)
* added - versioning for gwt and gwt-maven-plugin - 1.6 jdk (rbauer)
* back to original (Raphael Bauer)
* back to original name (rbauer)
* renamed servlet => to avoid naming conflicts with maven surfire plugin. The servlet is not "test" after all... (rbauer)
* typo (rbauer)
* formatting issue (rbauer)
* added igores for usage with eclipse (rbauer)
* added - versioning for gwt and gwt-maven-plugin - 1.6 jdk (rbauer)
* basic setup for tests (rbauer)
* Correctly Serialize JsArrays (Kyle Butt)
* Add support for more than just 200 as a successful return code. (Kyle Butt)
* Add support for receiving a Json Array as an Overlay Object (Kyle Butt)
* fixes issue 13 : Allow customization of the JSONP callback parameter (Hiram Chirino)
* fixes issue 13 : Allow customization of the JSONP callback parameter (Hiram Chirino)
* Fix JSONNull handling in decode (JRoyals)

## [resty-gwt 1.0](http://restygwt.fusesource.org/blog/release-1-0.html), released 2010-09-27

* Initial Release


